
This project really challenged me from the begining, i think i struggled with not having direct instructions on what i should be creating. i decided on a vet registry as i felt that this would give me the best base to achieve the assessment criteria. i decided to start out by making a note of the technical requirements and filling it out from there. starting with the opening menu, i created a value system to allow the user to navigate the program. i created this using sys in order to fill out one of my objectives. once i had this working, i began to build my classes. As i had never done this before i spent alot of time refering back to the lecture notes and peicing them together.i decided that my super class would just be pet, my sub classes would be cat/dog and that the vet class would act additionally to those. Once i had those made, i needed to figure out how to use then in addition to I/O 

i then made my fake data function which created my csv file. The fake data function caused alot of problems for me, i made alot of changes to it as the program progressed. essentially, the fake data made too many peices of information compared to the heading line it created. This means that any attempt to read or change the csv files didnt work as the colomns werent clear enough.

i decided to change the postcode functionality to zipcode. i did this for two reasons, one being that the faker program could only create american zipcodes not english postcodes. the second reason being that the RegEx for a postcode was really difficult to make work so i made my life a bit easier and use an american system instead. 

This project had tought me alot about programming, self study and correct practice. for example, it took me a while to organise my code in a way that meant i wasnt searching for hours for one specific line of code, once i had the classes and functions organised it became alot easier to find everything. I have found alot of helpful python websites while writting this program as i found that classes and I/O difficult to understand in the begining. i think that if i were to do this project again, i would feel more confident in doing something a bit more complex.